Hey, sis, remind me.
The job starts
tomorrow evening, right?
Yes, that's correct.
I guess we should
be on the lookout
starting at about five o'clock.
The enemy we'll be up
against goes by the name,
"the New Breed Front."
Our role is to prevent
terrorist attacks,
And scope out the enemy
organization to obtain any info.
[AYAKO]
No, that's wrong, Fumiya.
Did you read our
orders carefully?
Our job is to obtain intel.
We need to locate
their headquarters,
as well as any source of
funding they may have.
There's nothing about
terrorist attacks.
That may be, but we can't
sit back and do nothing.
[AYAKO] Fumiya, our emotions
can't override our priorities.
In order to gather information,
we're going to detain
the terrorists.
And if that prevents an attack
by default, it's all good.
But, see, if we prioritize the
prevention of terrorist attacks,
and kill them all, that would
mean we failed in our mission.
Shut up, I know already.
You say that, but do you really?
Among the Yotsuba families,
the Kuroba Family is in charge
of gathering intelligence.
In other words, Fumiya, we worry
about missions, not justice.
[FUMIYA] I said I know.
You don't have to lecture me.
[chuckles]
♪
Thank you both for
coming today,
Miyuki and Tatsuya.
Oh no, thank you.
I'm glad you invited us.
So, Erika and the
others aren't coming?
[SHIZUKU]
Mm‐hm. She said it sounded lame.
That's very Erika.
But all that aside,
the view from the top floor
here is utterly breathtaking.
[TATSUYA]
Tokyo Offshore Tower.
Japan's first hyperbuilding.
360 floors above ground,
and 36 floors underground.
I heard the Sky Lounge
on the top floor
is an impressive
2,000 meters high,
but I never could've
imagined this.
Still, To be honest,
being at this height
makes me a tad nervous.
If there was an earthquake
or some accident,
would the building collapse?
Not a chance.
This building is supported
by four gigantic pillars
under gyroscopic force
of the flywheels,
which have been installed on
the 36th underground floor,
then on every sixtieth floor,
starting with the
first one underground.
[SHIZUKU] And the flywheels
wouldn't stop working,
even during a power outage?
[TATSUYA]
If that happens,
the magicians who are
stationed underground
will activate the flywheels.
They also reduce friction from
the vibration control dampers
supporting the pillars,
and enhance the base
isolation efficacy.
So they're actively
involving magicians
in their safety measures?
Isn't that unusual?
Yeah.
So unusual, in fact,
it's practically unheard of.
[TATSUYA, MIYUKI gasp]
[MIYUKI]
Brother, look...
[TATSUYA]
I see him.
Honoka, Shizuku. We're stepping
out for a bit, excuse us.
Sorry about this.
What a nice surprise.
Miyuki and Tatsuya.
I had no idea the two
of you would be guests
at this grand affair.
Yes. Our friend was kind
enough to invite us.
And are you here on behalf
of our aunt, Mr. Hayama?
Yes. Madam requested
that I be here
to keep a focused
eye on everything.
Does my aunt have concerns
about this party?
Is it something we
should worry about?
It's because this is the first
time in history that any
building in Japan has used
magicians in this manner.
Madam has expressed
legitimate apprehension
that something could
possibly happen here.
Oh, and speaking of which,
that reminds me, dear.
You work the entrance
ceremony tomorrow, don't you?
My sincerest advice would be
to make sure you get some
adequate rest for
the occasion, Miyuki.
That's very kind of you.
I do appreciate it.
I'll talk it over
with my brother,
and we'll leave the party
at a suitable hour
with time to spare.
Forgive me. I know it
might seem overbearing.
Ah, yes. What perfect timing.
Please, come say hello
to Miss Miyuki...
[TATSUYA, MIYUKI]
Huh?
[HAYAMA]
...Miss Sakurai.
[gasps]
Miss Miyuki, Good evening.
As he said, I am Minami Sakurai.
It's a pleasure to make
your acquaintance.
Thank you. And I'm
delighted to make yours.
[HAYAMA]
Miss Miyuki.
[MIYUKI]
Mm?
Sakurai, here, is in fact the
niece of one Honami Sakurai,
who served as Madam Maya's
personal attendant.
I believe she could be of highly
valuable service to you as well,
so I would simply ask
you to keep her in mind,
as the need truly could
arise at any time.
Yes, understood.
If I ever find I need
help with something,
then I'll already know
to count on you.
I am most honored and
humbled by those words.
And please, never hesitate
to ask anything of me.
It's been lovely,
But unfortunately, I think
we best be on our way.
[FUMIYA] I have a visual
on two suspects.
[FUMIYA] They're dressed in
power company work uniforms
and appear to be heading
toward the inspection port
of the submarine power cables.
[AYAKO] So you think
they're actually agents
disguised as utility workers?
[AYAKO]
Hello, Yami.
[gasps]
[FUMIYA exhales]
You scared me, Sis!
Don't do that!
Oops, I'm sorry!
I didn't expect you to
almost have heart attack.
[FUMIYA growls]
[FUMIYA grunts]
[AYAKO giggles]
[FUMIYA gasps]
I said... I'm sorry.
[FUMIYA grunts]
[FUMIYA]
Nevermind! Just get off of me!
Stop it!
Okay, fine. We are working.
[FUMIYA grunts]
Yes, exactly. So, please behave.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I apologized already,
didn't you hear?
But more importantly, what do
you wanna do about them?
[FUMIYA]
What do you think we should do?
As the family head ordered,
we're to detain agents
of the New Breed Front.
But unless we can find a
way to apprehend them,
we won't know if they're
part of that group or not.
The issue is, when do we
actually pull that off?
[FUMIYA]
When?
[AYAKO] If they try to tamper
with or damage the power cables,
do we catch them before
or after they're done?
I'm having a hard time deciding
on which would be best.
Are you serious?
We should obviously do it
before they finish the job!
Careful, Yami.
You better watch your tone.
[FUMIYA gasps]
Tell me, why's it
so obvious to you?
I mean...
...they're plotting a
terrorist attack, aren't they?
It's only natural
we try to stop them.
[FUMIYA grunts]
That's what I believe.
If we were police officers,
that would make perfect sense.
But frame it in terms
of our objective.
If we simply wait until
they've dropped their guard
after completing their task,
wouldn't that be
the most efficient?
Jump in too early when
they're on edge and alert,
and we risk being
counterattacked
and failing our mission.
Do you understand?
Yeah, I get it.
Didn't consider
that possibility.
But still...
Those terrorist bastards...
I won't let them get
away with this!
While that sounded a little
too macho for your disguise,
I want you to know that I do
agree with what you're saying.
Your sense of justice may
be cheap, but it has some charm.
What do you mean by "cheap"?
[AYAKO] Well, then, I think
it's time we get to work.
Shall we?
[grunts]
First up, I'll use
Perfect Diffusion.
Right after, I'll propel you
in using Mock Teleportation.
Got that?
[FUMIYA]
Mm‐hm.
You ready to go, Yami?
Go ahead. Fly me in.
[FUMIYA]
Magicians...
But it looks like they haven't
noticed Perfect Diffusion yet.
[FUMIYA chuckles] Seems like
Ayako's skills are improving.
Here I go.
[groans]
Hey! What happened?!
[AYAKO]
Direct Pain...
There's less leakage
of residual Psions
than on our mission
three months ago.
My brother's outdone
himself once again.
[AYAKO] Fumiya is the offense,
and I'm the backup.
It's important that the enemy
doesn't notice the backup.
But the attacker's role
is to subdue the enemy
in a short amount of time.
You've become such a
dependable brother, Fumiya.
[AYAKO giggles] Though your
appearance says otherwise.
Hey, Sis.
I'm all finished, here.
Excellent work. I'll be
on my way shortly.
[gasps]
Yami, no!
[FUMIYA gasps]
Sis!
Come on!
Did you see that?
Yeah. Going in?
[FUMIYA]
Mm‐hm. Sure am.
[MAGICIAN C, D groan]
[FUMIYA gasps]
[AYAKO]
Wow, I'm impressed, Yami.
[FUMIYA]
What can I say?
It doesn't look like there are
any backup troops hiding here.
I'm thinkin' you're right, Sis.
[AYAKO]
Mm!
I don't any magicians watchin'
us, so guess we're in the clear.
There you go again!
When you're a lady,
you don't drop your G's!
Oh, come on, stop givin'
me a hard time.
[MAN A] Lady Yoru, Lady Yami.
Are you safe?
Safe and sound.
And we've captured
two prisoners.
You are aware of our
current location, yes?
[MAN A]
Affirmative. We have it.
Shall we pick you up?
If you get close
enough to see us,
then that should
be sufficient.
[MAN A]
As you wish, Lady Yoru.
[FUMIYA]
There we go.
[gasps]
[TATSUYA]
What is this Psion wave?
Wait. Is Fumiya
fighting someone?
[TATSUYA]
Ayako's there, too.
It seems they've managed to
capture the enemy already.
Skillfully executed.
The enemy is "New Breed Front."
They're magician supremacists.
Excuse me, Brother.
You look a bit lost in thought,
is something bothering you?
[SHIZUKU, HONOKA sigh]
No, I was just awed by the
caliber of guests at this party.
Well, Yami,
mission accomplished.
Okay. Prisoners incoming.
[MAN A]
Roger that.
Two prisoners, confirmed.
You're clear to
come aboard, Miss.
Right.
Excellent job, Miss.
Welcome back.
Thank you very much.
And you as well, Sir.
Great work.
[LEADER A]
You idiot!
[ALL gasp]
It's "miss," not "sir"!
Get it right, dammit.
He put aside his pride
to dress in that outfit!
[LEADER A]
Show some respect, would you?!
‐‐[slap]
‐‐[MAN B grunts]
[FUMIYA groans]
So, sir‐‐I mean "miss"!
Apologies. It won't
happen again.
Just stop already!
You're making it
worse than they did!
This doesn't have anything
to do with my pride.
It's a disguise.
Yes, of course. And it's
absolutely brilliant.
Even we would never suspect
it was you under there,
Master Fumiya.
And don't use my real name!
That makes the whole
thing pointless!
[AYAKO]
That's enough!
All of you just
need to calm down.
We're wasting time here,
so let's get a move on.
[MEN]
Right!
[AYAKO sighs] Yami, please try
to keep your cool.
You got that?
[FUMIYA grunts]
Well, Shizuku, Honoka.
Congratulations to you both!
Yeah, congrats! Big Sis, Honoka.
Very well done.
Both of you have
excellent grades.
That's sincerely wonderful.
That's so kind, thank you.
Thanks a lot, Dad.
Oh, by the way, Honoka.
I hear you've got a
crush on someone.
Do you?
[HONOKA gasps]
Oh! We'll have to take that
as a yes, then, won't we?
So tell us, what's he like?
Please don't ask that,
Mr. Kitayama!
[MIYUKI]
Hey, Brother...
So, earlier. What were you
really thinking about?
Just be honest.
It was Fumiya and Ayako.
They were fighting radicalized
magicians near this building.
[MIYUKI gasps]
So then, that must be why
Mr. Hayama is here.
[TATSUYA]
It seems pretty likely.
[TATSUYA] Miyuki, are you
familiar with a group
called the "New Breed Front"?
[MIYUKI gasps]
Is that the one
consisting of magicians
who are standing up against
anti‐magic prejudice?
That's right.
These extremists claim magicians
are elite and they're trying
to build a society where
they reign supreme.
They'll do almost anything
to liberate their comrades.
Even resort to armed conflict.
A force to be reckoned with.
Do you know what
they're planning, Brother?
What could they even
want with this place?
I couldn't begin to imagine what
the New Breed Front's goal is.
But for now, Fumiya and Ayako
have prevented the power cables
that provide electricity to
this tower from being sabotaged.
I'm just hoping that's
where it actually ends.
Yes, I agree.
[MAGICIAN E sighs]
Hey, boss. The power
supply is still on.
[KOU] Damn. It seems they
failed to cut the cable.
Alright, then. We move
right on to plan B.
After incapacitating
all the security guards
and magicians on this floor,
we'll commandeer
the control room
on the 34th underground floor.
After that, we'll disconnect
the power to the flywheels,
and contain the control center
on the first underground floor.
Until then, I want all you
to use your magic sparingly.
[MAGICIANS]
Roger, that!
[KOU]
Everyone ready?
[KOU] Is there anyone left
on the bottom floor?
[MAGICIAN H grunts]
[MAGICIAN H]
No, nobody.
It's empty, as our
prior info stated.
[KOU]
Then we proceed as planned,
and take over the 34th floor.
[MAGICIANS]
Roger!
[PARTYGOERS chatter]
[PARTYGOERS gasp, shout]
[SHIZUKU, HONOKA gasp]
The lights dimmed.
What do you think
could have caused it?
It's probably them.
[MIYUKI gasps]
[SHIZUKU] The postural
stabilizing flywheels
have stopped moving?
Huh? Then the building...
Is it gonna...?
No, don't worry.
The walls and pillars
aren't damaged,
so it won't collapse right away.
[KOU] Your attention.
We are the New Breed Front.
Our objective is the sovereignty
of magicians' rights.
[PARTYGOERS murmur]
[KOU] We intend no harm on any
of you, nor loss of human life.
All we want, is for
you to bear witness
to what will happen
here tonight.
They hijacked the control center
on the first underground floor.
There should've been
security guards,
but they must have
taken them out.
[HONOKA, SHIZUKU gasp]
[KOU]
Deep within this building,
magicians are being
enslaved and used for labor.
Did he say "enslaved"?
I heard that they were
well taken care of.
[KOU] And should disaster
happen to strike
on the 35th underground floor,
they're unable to escape.
It's almost as if they're forced
to be buried alive
in such a scenario.
As a group seeking to restore
the rights of magicians
and as members of a
civilized society,
we cannot allow
these archaic rites
of human sacrifice to continue!
Even if they were
trapped inside,
as far as I know,
the underground can
convert to a safe shelter.
[KOU]
As a sign of protest,
we will detonate a bomb in
here one hour from now.
This is your warning
to evacuate immediately.
[PARTYGOERS gasp]
[KOU] Be advised, the building's
rigged to blow instantly
if anyone tries to interfere.
[PARTYGOER A gasps]
[KOU] Now, obviously,
we would prefer to avoid
a mass casualty event,
Therefore, we hope you
make the far wiser choice
to become witnesses
to history.
It's up to you.
[HONOKA, SHIZUKU, MIYUKI gasp]
I guess hoping
nothing would happen
was too much for
me to try asking for.
♪